Add 5.17.2 release notes and add 5.17.2 to supported versions page (#2193)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.17/release-notes.md

---

## 5.17.2 release notes

**February 19, 2020** &mdash; The latest release of Sensu Go, version 5.17.2, is now available for download.

> This release fixes a bug that could cause enterprise HTTP routes to fail to initialize upon internal restart.

Reviewer: I actually have no clue but do we prefer to call them _enterprise_ or _commercial_ routes now?

Author: You are correct -- it should be "commercial" and thank you for catching this!

> This release fixes a bug that could cause enterprise HTTP routes to fail to initialize upon internal restart.

Author: ```suggestion
This release fixes a bug that could prevent commercial features from working after internal restart.
```

See the [upgrade guide][1] to upgrade Sensu to version 5.17.2.

**FIXES:**

> - Fixed a bug that could cause enterprise HTTP routes to fail to initialize on an internal restart.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug that could cause commercial HTTP routes to fail to initialize after an internal restart, preventing commercial features from working.
```
